add docs for using Port API as part of the webhook backend (#1434)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/actions-and-automations/setup-backend/webhook/webhook.md

The following example shows an automation definition that triggers this self-service action, when a service's `passed` property changes from `Passed` to `Not passed`:

<details>
<summary><b>Automation definition (click to expand)</b></summary>
```yaml showLineNumbers
{
  "identifier": "slack_notify_on_service_failure",
  "title": "Notify via Slack on service failure",
  "trigger": {
    "type": "automation",
    "event": {
      "type": "ENTITY_UPDATED",
      "blueprintIdentifier": "service"
    },
    "condition": {
      "type": "JQ",
      "expressions": [
        ".diff.before.properties.passed == \"Passed\"",
        ".diff.after.properties.passed == \"Not passed\""
      ],
      "combinator": "and"
    }
  },
  "invocationMethod": {
    "type": "WEBHOOK",
    "url": "https://api.getport.io/v1/actions/slack_notify/runs?run_as=user-email@gmail.com",
    "synchronized": true,
    "method": "POST",
    "body": {
      "properties": {
        "message": "Service {{.diff.before.title}} has degraded from `Passed` to `Not passed`."
      }
    }
  },
  "publish": true
}
```
</details>

> - `synchronized` must be set to `true`, so that the API will automatically report its result back to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `synchronized` must be set to `true`, so that the automation's status will be updated when the action is triggered.
```
